Mini's throughout my time on minecraft I
have been called many things friend good
pvp r dig but there is one thing i am
called each and every day
I want to thank you all for supporting
and defending me but it's time you knew
the truth I am a hacker some brave souls
even tried to report my hacks but were
denied I should have come clean then but
I was scared oh oh seok this out a pose
hacks I don't hack look on the name and
watch this video evidence click that
sexy link please unban me from kit pvp
I'm not the one that hacks he does the
video in the link is my hat spine skill
video I even tried to tell you all
before but no one noticed just look at
my house clients kill video pause it
here and you'll see the truth finally I
will give you the evidence you need to
ban me here's raw footage of me hacking
enjoy